Pancakes: Mix flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Whisk in milk, egg, and melted butter. Cook on a hot pan until bubbles form, flip, and serve with syrup.
  French Toast: Whisk eggs, milk, sugar, and cinnamon. Dip bread slices, fry in butter until golden, and serve with syrup or fruits.
  Omelette: Beat eggs with salt and pepper. Pour into a hot pan, add fillings (cheese, veggies, or ham), cook, fold, and serve.
  Avocado Toast: Toast bread, mash avocado with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Spread on toast and top with optional egg or tomato slices.
  Shakshuka: Cook onion, garlic, and peppers. Add tomatoes and spices. Crack eggs into sauce, cover, and cook until set. Serve with bread.
  Banana Smoothie: Blend banana, milk, honey, and ice until smooth. Serve chilled.
  Oatmeal: Cook oats in milk/water. Add sugar/honey and top with fruits and nuts.
  Breakfast Burrito: Scramble eggs with veggies, beans, and cheese. Roll inside a tortilla and serve warm.
  Scrambled Eggs: Whisk eggs with milk, cook slowly in butter, stirring until creamy. Season and serve.
  Chia Pudding: Mix chia seeds with milk and honey. Refrigerate overnight, serve with fruits.
  Idli: Steam fermented rice-lentil batter in molds until fluffy. Serve with chutney and sambar.
  Dosa: Spread fermented rice-lentil batter on a hot pan, cook until crisp. Serve with chutney and sambar.
  Paratha: Roll dough, stuff with spiced potato/vegetable filling, cook on a hot pan with ghee.
  Poha: Soak flattened rice, then cook with onions, turmeric, chilies, and peanuts. Garnish with lemon.
  Upma: Roast semolina, then cook with onions, ginger, green chilies, and boiling water until soft.
  Grilled Cheese Sandwich: Butter bread, place cheese in between, grill until golden brown.
  Caesar Salad: Toss romaine lettuce with Caesar dressing, croutons, and parmesan cheese.
  Chicken Wrap: Fill a tortilla with grilled chicken, veggies, and sauce. Roll and serve.
  Pasta Primavera: Cook pasta, toss with sautéed seasonal veggies, olive oil, and parmesan.
  Veggie Burger: Grill veggie patty, place inside bun with lettuce, tomato, and sauces.
  Rice & Beans: Cook rice, mix with spiced beans. Serve with salsa or avocado.
  Sushi Rolls: Spread rice on nori sheet, add fillings (fish, veg, or avocado), roll tightly, slice.
  Buddha Bowl: Assemble quinoa/rice, roasted veggies, beans, greens, and dressing in a bowl.
  Dal Tadka: Cook lentils until soft. Make tempering with onion, garlic, cumin, chili, add to dal. Serve with rice.
  Rajma Chawal: Cook kidney beans in onion-tomato gravy, serve with steamed rice.
  Biryani: Cook rice with spiced meat/veggies in layers. Garnish with fried onions.
  Fried Rice: Stir-fry rice with soy sauce, eggs, and mixed vegetables.
  Ramen: Boil noodles in broth, top with boiled egg, chicken, or veggies.
  Falafel Wrap: Stuff pita bread with falafel, veggies, and tahini sauce.
  Grilled Chicken Salad: Mix grilled chicken, lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, and dressing.
  Butter Chicken: Cook chicken in spiced tomato gravy, add cream and butter. Serve with naan or rice.
  Paneer Butter Masala: Cook paneer cubes in tomato-onion gravy with cream. Serve with roti.
  Lasagna: Layer pasta sheets with tomato sauce, cheese, and meat/veggies. Bake until bubbly.
  Spaghetti Bolognese: Cook spaghetti, top with meaty tomato sauce, and parmesan.
  Fish Curry: Cook fish in coconut-based spicy curry. Serve with rice.
  Veg Stir Fry: Quickly cook mixed vegetables with soy sauce and garlic. Serve hot.
  Tacos: Fill tortillas with meat/veg, salsa, and cheese. Fold and serve.
  Shepherd’s Pie: Layer minced meat/veg with mashed potatoes, bake until golden.
  Pizza Margherita: Spread tomato sauce on dough, top with mozzarella and basil, bake.
  Chicken Curry: Cook chicken with onion, tomato, ginger, and spices. Serve with rice.
  Chole Bhature: Make chickpea curry, serve with deep-fried bread (bhature).
  Hyderabadi Haleem: Slow cook wheat, lentils, and meat with spices until smooth.
  Thai Green Curry: Cook chicken/veggies in coconut milk with green curry paste. Serve with rice.
  Miso Soup with Rice: Boil miso paste in water, add tofu and seaweed. Serve with rice.
  Stuffed Bell Peppers: Stuff peppers with rice/veg/meat filling, bake until soft.
  Samosa: Stuff dough with spiced potato filling, shape into triangles, deep fry.
  Pakora: Dip veggies in chickpea flour batter, deep fry until crispy.
  Spring Rolls: Wrap veggies in sheets, deep fry until golden.
  Nachos: Layer corn chips with cheese, salsa, beans, and bake until cheese melts.
  Popcorn: Heat kernels with oil until popped. Add butter and salt.
  Bruschetta: Toast bread, top with diced tomatoes, garlic, and basil.
  Hummus with Pita: Blend chickpeas, tahini, lemon, garlic. Serve with pita bread.
  Aloo Tikki: Mix boiled potatoes with spices, shape into patties, fry.
  French Fries: Cut potatoes, fry until golden, season with salt.
  Onion Rings: Dip onion rings in batter, fry until crispy.
  Cutlet: Mix veg/meat with spices, coat in breadcrumbs, shallow fry.
  Cheese Balls: Mix cheese with spices, shape into balls, coat, and fry.
  Garlic Bread: Spread garlic butter on bread, toast or bake.
  Chaat: Mix fried snacks, chutneys, yogurt, and spices.
  Bhel Puri: Mix puffed rice with chutneys, onions, tomatoes, and sev.
  Chocolate Cake: Mix flour, cocoa, sugar, eggs, and butter. Bake until fluffy.
  Vanilla Cupcakes: Bake small cakes with vanilla batter, top with frosting.
  Brownies: Mix chocolate, butter, sugar, and flour. Bake until fudgy.
  Gulab Jamun: Fry milk powder balls, soak in sugar syrup.
  Rasgulla: Boil paneer balls in sugar syrup until spongy.
  Kheer: Cook rice in milk with sugar, cardamom, and nuts.
  Ice Cream: Whip cream, milk, sugar, freeze until set.
  Cheesecake: Make biscuit base, top with cream cheese mix, bake or chill.
  Tiramisu: Layer coffee-soaked biscuits with mascarpone cream. Chill.
  Apple Pie: Fill pie crust with spiced apples, bake until golden.
  Carrot Halwa: Cook grated carrots in milk, sugar, and ghee. Garnish with nuts.
  Ladoo: Mix flour/sesame/nuts with ghee and sugar, shape into balls.
  Donuts: Fry dough rings, coat with glaze or sugar.
  Cupcake Sundae: Top cupcakes with ice cream, syrup, and nuts.
  Chocolate Mousse: Whip cream with melted chocolate, chill until set.
  Panna Cotta: Simmer cream with sugar, set with gelatin, chill.
  Mango Sticky Rice: Serve sweet coconut sticky rice with mango slices.
  Modak: Fill rice flour dumplings with coconut-jaggery mix, steam.
  Jalebi: Fry spirals of batter, soak in sugar syrup.
  Banoffee Pie: Layer biscuits, bananas, caramel, and cream.
  Masala Chai: Boil tea leaves with milk, water, sugar, and spices. Strain and serve.
  Cold Coffee: Blend coffee, milk, sugar, and ice until frothy.
  Mango Lassi: Blend yogurt, mango, sugar, and cardamom.
  Lemonade: Mix lemon juice, sugar, and chilled water.
  Hot Chocolate: Heat milk, add cocoa powder and sugar. Top with cream.
  Iced Tea: Brew tea, chill, add lemon and ice.
  Smoothie Bowl: Blend fruits with yogurt, pour into bowl, add toppings.
  Watermelon Juice: Blend watermelon chunks, strain, and chill.
  Orange Juice: Squeeze fresh oranges and serve chilled.
  Strawberry Milkshake: Blend strawberries, milk, and sugar.
  Mojito: Muddle mint and lime, add soda water and ice.
  Virgin Pina Colada: Blend pineapple juice with coconut milk and ice.
  Buttermilk: Whisk yogurt with water, salt, and spices.
  Jaljeera: Mix jaljeera powder with cold water and lemon.
  Falooda: Layer vermicelli, milk, rose syrup, basil seeds, and ice cream.
  Coffee Latte: Brew espresso, add steamed milk.
  Cappuccino: Brew coffee, top with steamed and foamed milk.
  Matcha Latte: Whisk matcha powder with milk until frothy.
  Protein Shake: Blend milk, whey powder, banana, and peanut butter.
  Sugarcane Juice: Press sugarcane, add ginger/lemon, serve chilled.